# Tracker Externals

This repo is the home for a most likely temporary set of scripts I have pulled
together to aggregate data from a number of external sources for later analysis.
The specific files thus far are:

- **MFP Scraper**: Pulls down the daily calories and exercise data from [My Fitness Pal](http://myfitnesspal.com).  Uses Nokogiri to parse the HTML so this one is pretty brittle and likely to break sometime soon. Likewise, it
  currently relies on the user's profile being public to avoid having to interact with authentication, cookies,
  etc.
- **Heroku Releases**: This one interacts with the [Heroku API](https://api-docs.heroku.com/) to agregate the
  dates of deploys to Heroku.
- **Github Commits**: Loops over a users' github repos and agregates the commit count by week. Currently uses
  HTTP basic auth which requires providing user and password details. An OAuth implimentation would be a nice
  improvement. This interacts with the [Github v3 API](http://developer.github.com/v3/) for both the repo and
  commit lists.

For both the Heroku and Github scripts, the credentials can be provided by storing them in a file in the root
of the project named ".secrets". This file should contain the JSON encoded account information. This file can
be created using the following ruby snippet, filling in your user details as needed:

``` ruby
require 'json'
accounts = {}
accounts['github'] = {:user => "YOUR_GH_USER", :password => "GH_PASSWORD"}
accounts['heroku'] = {:user => "", :password => "HEROKU_API_TOKEN"}
File.open(".secrets", "w") {|f| f.write(accounts.to_json)}
```

Note: Heroku impliments HTTP basic auth with only the API token as the password. The user is blank.
